Village Chief Xu will introduce to you
This is Mr. Chengfeng
Thank you for your appreciation.
Brother Cheng is really young
How could there be such a competitive investment vision?
It's very impressive.
It's a natural leap.
I am also more than average
A little lucky
Making 20,000 to 30,000 at a time might be called luck
But earning 300 million at a time
Well, it's not a matter of luck, is it?
Hahahahaha enough
Is it really enough?
Brother Chen?
Well, what's the place to get rich in the future?
Can you tell us a thing or two?
Talk about investing.
So far
Only real estate is the most suitable
real estate
Real estate real estate
Real estate listens to our strengths
We want to do real estate
I'm afraid it will change too
overwhelmed
Go to the deputy head to visit
Our high-rise buildings in Jiangcheng
Mainly distributed on this side of the new city
And the old town and the inside of the outer ring
It's almost impossible.
So as long as we can take this piece of land
Then from now on, we just have to wait for the promotion
But buying this kind of land
It's easier said than done to make money
If you bid for a piece of land, it will cost hundreds of millions.
It's hard to see a return for more than a decade
and
How do we know where to put our money?
It depends on whether you are willing to be with me or not
Take a gamble